= golden_brindle

== Golden Brindle

Tool to help start/stop/restart multiple unicorn servers to use behind a web servers like nginx. This app adds an option to specify a number of Unicorn worker processes to launch, a range of ports, and a configuration file for the cluster. Use "-h" to see command syntax.

Configure cluster and save configuration file to config/brindle.yml:
  golden_brindle brindle::configure

You must copy this configuration file to the /etc/brindles directory to autostart on system boot.

Start by hand to test proper start:
  golden_brindle start

Reload source code after deploy or code update:
  golden_brindle restart

Stop:
  golden_brindle stop

== Using applications with bundler

Open brindle config file for the application and set bundler option to true:
  bundler: true
And update you Gemfile adding this line:
  gem 'golden_brindle'

== Starting clusters at boot

1. Create golden_brindle configuration directory (/etc/brindles).
2. Assign ownership to your Capistrano user.
3. Copy the init.d script from this gem's resouces directory to /etc/init.d.
4. chmod +x /etc/init.d/golden_brindles_cluster
5. Add to init.d startup. On RHEL/CentOS use: /sbin/chkconfig --level 345 golden_brindles on

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Alexander Simonov. See LICENSE for details.

Copyright (c) 2007 Zed A. Shaw

Copyright (c) 2006 Bradley Taylor, bradley@fluxura.com